Andy what's can
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello chair, we're doing an empty chair technique.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Greetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Teck Teck Teck hear me.
Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lovely.
Cynthia We: Or you
Cynthia We: Know,
Cynthia We: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, thank you.
Cynthia We: Very pretty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you feel like I'm doing the same thing with it but I getting the big response today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, yeah.
Cynthia We: No, you don't normally have stripes in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they're in there. I just don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, they're in there, it must be because I'm seated, maybe you can see the top of my head. More maybe
Cynthia We: File to print so you can because I've never noticed that you had stripe.
Gwenevere Abriel: stripe. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Types, it's really
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay maybe she didn't sticker, maybe, maybe there's bigger
Cynthia We: Yeah, they're darker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it's a it's a thing I like them. I like you know
Gwenevere Abriel: became fashionable. Well, I'm not trying to be fashionable. I just, I guess I get tired of look another big white blob on the top of my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw a text from you that you were able to accomplish some homework without it moving up into sentences, but a lot of time has passed since then.
How has it been going since then.
Cynthia We: Right. Um, yes. Uh,
Well,
Cynthia We: I accomplished that. And I
Cynthia We: Don't know what Scott and I are gonna do about
Cynthia We: About Teagan Scott got really mad at me because he I was out working out or something and I came, I came home and he
Cynthia We: Was yelling at Tegan
Cynthia We: And I'm about dishes and homework.
Cynthia We: And I think it was the aftermath of it and
Cynthia We: You know, chicken. I think this happened last week, too, because I'm having deja vu right now as I'm explaining it to like it happened two weeks in a row.
Cynthia We: Where Scott screamed at him got really close to him and his face and scared him and I didn't jump in and I don't know, maybe I'm supposed to
Cynthia We: But, but one of the things that when I was growing up that really upset me was when two adults came at me at same time
Cynthia We: Right. It was, um, it felt it made me feel really small and powerless. So when Scott is dealing with him. I just kind of let it you know i just back off and let them do it and I'm so he got really mad at me.
Cynthia We: He called me upon
Gwenevere Abriel: Who did Scott did
Cynthia We: I was mad at Teagan. Okay, turn on me go, um,
Cynthia We: Yeah, he's never used that he has never called me that before. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Game on with that word, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: I mean, I kind of feel like, you know, as I say, asphalt and all the flight, but I feel like that's like, no, it feels more acceptable.
Cynthia We: I was mortified any also call me a manipulative manipulative
Cynthia We: I'm bit and I think bitch or something. And he was just so mad in but he was so mad it taken and it was so obvious to me that he just turned it. He was mad that he wasn't getting worried needed to get with Tegan and he just turned it in and targeted at me, so I'm
Cynthia We: Taken kind of shrunk.
Cynthia We: Into his room because then we were too busy, you know, between the two of us. And, um, I don't know that his dishes ever got done whatever Scott was mad about
Cynthia We: That you like to run and I have had since that sentence and I have had
Cynthia We: an easier time of everything, like just
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Cynthia We: Is that I'm
Cynthia We: Not so quick to blow me off and assume it's going to work.
Cynthia We: That's what it feels like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you probably are seeing something feels like a not just a feeling it's probably a witness of
Gwenevere Abriel: Tangible measurable things like homework done. He walked here. He picked that up. My guess is it's not just a feeling it's things. Oh, he did what I asked. I don't have to come back a third and fourth time and now lose it on him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he's not blowing you off. Yeah. Actually consequence behind your request. So maybe he's starting to
Cynthia We: Respect your one time it seems crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: To see it does seem like that can't be the only thing going on. But wouldn't that be convenient. Ooh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I was expecting. There's nothing I was not expecting you to say that to me. I thought what you were going to say to me was, oh, that's all fine and good when it works. Once
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, all he does is, push, push, push back and I don't want to. And I know I don't want to have to take that phone away. You know, I thought we'd be right there.
But we're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Cynthia We: Listen to me, and respectfully when I explained to him how it was going to go and how I hated it. When I yelled at him and I didn't like myself. He was like, I think you happy to hear that. You know, I'm that that's, I don't want to be like that.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: very humbled of you to do that part to include
Cynthia We: Greg yesterday. All right, I'm his therapist, and he was in a I didn't go in with him because I was driving little, little kids, but I'm usually healed. He has to be go in when we're in the middle of like when we need to talk about something and we can't talk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're seeing some things are working
Cynthia We: Yes, seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, look at that and quite quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably will backslide hold on review again, you can go pick it up and say, okay, unfamiliar i what i want to do is just kind of lose my temper and all humility humility. Honesty. Honesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me refresh. Okay. This is what I've been told you I would do, I got to show you on consistent. So here we go. And that's okay. We don't have to pretend like we are super parent. Like, let's just
Cynthia We: Say, right.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, like you've been doing this for 10 years and now all of a sudden this stuff. Like, come on. Something's up. OK. And now you see something that isn't working.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been seeing it for quite some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because you made a change
Gwenevere Abriel: You have changed the whole system. Now, the system will either fight harder to keep itself, the same to keep the positions of power, the way it was, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Right to them was enjoying some whatever piece of power with dad was enjoying it with you. But he may have decided he's going to turn that towards, towards dad and now maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe chickens trying to extract the same type of thing that you're giving him he's going to try and get it from dad. I'm not saying this is conscious stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And dad doesn't have it doesn't doesn't kind of know how to do what what you and I kind of orchestrated
Gwenevere Abriel: So your system is feeling your change.
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're calming down. This is puffing up right
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's predictable. We don't have to catastrophizing we can you saw it, you're like, oh, he that frustration was turned towards me. And were you able to literally calmly say to yourself, that's not about me. I'm not. And there was no shame.
Cynthia We: I'm at first.
Cynthia We: I feel. Yeah, I feel like I held on to myself.
Cynthia We: I will done
Cynthia We: Um, he
Cynthia We: He went on and on and was like screaming like in the bathroom screaming and I locked the bedroom door and call the breeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: With him.
Cynthia We: And then, um, I went to bed.
Cynthia We: And then he freaked out. And once you come into the bedroom and so I let him in. But I didn't feel like we needed to keep talking about it.
Cynthia We: I didn't. I haven't think I went to shame because I was really clear that it whatever was going on with him was not about me.
Cynthia We: Okay, I was a little hurt. I guess maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I mean, when we're a punching bag. It's hard not to. I mean, hey, you know. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, uh,
Cynthia We: He did apologize for the
Cynthia We: First things he
Gwenevere Abriel: Went there that's like, put it on a
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: A journal. It's like he went there. Yeah. Okay, so something big. Right, so probably something significant happening for him to his level of frustration, but I want to not move from this piece which is I wanna, I wanna, I want to verbatim. I want to just the way you have it written
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we can we can get our pom poms out and celebrate
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. I want to respond to my husband's accusations.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I feel like maybe I did it.
Cynthia We: I say maybe because um
Cynthia We: Yeah I swore a couple times and I'm I don't want to go there, but I feel like it was it was moving in the right direction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's let's do the minimalist part here and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: A spiral would normally end in what if it was a true SHAME SPIRAL for you. What would it, what would it
Cynthia We: Be
Cynthia We: Okay.
Cynthia We: He's right. I'm sure
Gwenevere Abriel: You go there.
Cynthia We: No, it
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't make you selfish narcissist because you didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: You used sounds like anger, you use some of that right to not get the hurt part the bruising because someone's abusing they're using nasty words as intended to provoke and you used anger to sort of protect self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I also heard a couple of things. There was, I walked away. I did breathing and I was able to go to sleep you're
Cynthia We: Breathing. I wasn't actually sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: I was laying there breathing.
Cynthia We: Consciously filling my lungs and my
Breath.
Cynthia We: And and I heard him.
Cynthia We: saying all this stuff and I just kept breathing. I was really trying to fall asleep. I really wanted to just go to sleep because he thought I was sleeping so I didn't want to argue anymore, and I'm
Cynthia We: Okay. Yes, I heard all the threats. I'm really surprised by how quickly he goes to, we've got to break up like
Cynthia We: It's a
Cynthia We: Probably a year ago, he started, he said something about divorce and
Cynthia We: freaked me out because I've always felt very stable. I always felt like no matter how bad we thought
Cynthia We: We weren't going to split up, but he used that word free. It might have been longer than that might have been like two years freak the kids out because they heard him.
Cynthia We: And so he had to walk it back. But ever since then it's like his go to
Cynthia We: If things get too extreme. I don't know what we're doing, why are we doing this we we just, I just don't. I just, we shouldn't be together. And I'm just like,
Cynthia We: I don't believe him.
Cynthia We: But I do like part of me does and it freaks me out. Like I I don't know where I stand really
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it.
Cynthia We: I don't like that. My mom and dad never ever threaten that so they would fight and fight and fight and I thought they'd be together forever. And I felt very safe in that
Cynthia We: Even though they were fighting. I felt that our family wasn't going to blow up. You know, we were working together.
Cynthia We: And I don't think he has that same experience of having adults.
Cynthia We: Committed
Cynthia We: His, His parents divorced when he was fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me hear a little bit about some environment for a moment. Is he working. Yeah. For how many is it one one week. He's been away or two.
Cynthia We: Um, he
Cynthia We: He worked like three days last week.
Cynthia We: And he has worked. He's there today. And I think he went in on Monday or something. So Monday coming up starts officially he'll be away every day. But coming home at night because this shows in Santa Fe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Cynthia We: And the other. There's a rumor that the only going to work 10 hours a day.
Cynthia We: Still a lot. I know.
Cynthia We: 10 hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like, that's still
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot, a lot.
Cynthia We: But it needs time off in between.
Cynthia We: And something else pretty exciting happened. He got a little bit of money from his dad to help Fernie and they're getting equipment for Stranger Things
Cynthia We: Okay, very good things called Scott and said they wanted him to do the show. And he said, I can't because I'm on this other show. I'm like, don't give it to Adam. Give it to frame because Frank is like
Cynthia We: Frank also uses Adams equipment but Frank if you gave it to Adam, what would be Adams forever.
Cynthia We: Frank, Frank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will take that
Cynthia We: But still can be Scott's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: And next year might be Scott, you know, and, and the guy said, the producer said he hated out him and he doesn't
Cynthia We: He doesn't want to run Adams equipment. So Frank was like this Fernie have his shit together and Fernie almost does
Cynthia We: And so Scott talked to his dead and got the remaining money so that they can do it. So it's not exactly what you want, but it's like you know it's a step in the right direction and it's awesome. So he is feeling good about himself.
Cynthia We: So he'll get like probably 40 or 50% of the lot of the rentals for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: She taught or doing
She's a mess.
Cynthia We: Know, she's, she's good. In some ways, but she's also developed this terrible habit of freaking out.
Cynthia We: Like falling apart. Anytime.
Cynthia We: She does something wrong, like like last night. She didn't do her homework and I was like what it's 930 at night. Why, why don't you do your homework earlier. So I get mad and she falls apart and I'm
Cynthia We: I see it as manipulation and I'm so she doesn't have to deal with anybody saying, or I don't know but i but i don't really know what to do about it.
Cynthia We: Scott was able to sit with her and help her with her homework and she calmed down, but I, she's done it about 10 times this week about different things. And, um, I just want to stop it.
Cynthia We: Because it really rattles me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would it be any different than what you're doing with Tegan
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but the same thing. The only thing is I just heard something which was she needed some help. That's it. That's an actual
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you say why did she do it by 930 you really mean why
Cynthia We: Well, what I meant was, why
Cynthia We: Why aren't the adults asking her at 730 where if she has homework.
Cynthia We: She was sitting with Scott down there and
Cynthia We: I'm kind of mad at myself too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, you know, okay.
Cynthia We: It was it's our job at her age. It's our job to remind her
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you can can redo that. Right. You saw so I've happily take
Cynthia We: My alarm.
Cynthia We: I have my alarm set for bedtime. But I should set my alarm for homework to
Gwenevere Abriel: Write. Okay. So it's the same same process she needs, maybe a little earlier bed time and of course things
Cynthia We: Like, oh my gosh, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get done you know before a certain time and you work at
Cynthia We: Eight.
Cynthia We: Uh huh. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're mad at yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder why on your own, it didn't occur to you that what worked for Tegan would work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daughter and
Cynthia We: Lola. I usually just asked her, she has homework and she does it.
Gwenevere Abriel: She nine yet. How old is she,
Cynthia We: Shall be nine on Monday.
Cynthia We: Her friends started her period this week.
We have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Couple of my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Days. I just
Know,
Cynthia We: Oh, and her dad. She doesn't have a mom. So I went and I bought her that she did her dad was like
Cynthia We: Well,
Cynthia We: Of course I will go to Target and I will get you some items and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Do some education.
Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what else. How is it. How's mom has a relationship with mom.
Cynthia We: I'm good. She paid for kids camp this summer.
Cynthia We: For half and
Cynthia We: was thrilled to do it. And then she's been asking what lower one for her birthday, and she's excited. I'm just grateful for her, that she's so excited about the kids. Yeah, um,
Cynthia We: Well, it turns out we're going to Michigan in May, for a wedding.
Cynthia We: And it turns out the kids are not invited, which is good because ticket of a performance on Saturday two performances Saturday. So we will leave him and Lola home and probably just fly in and fly out
Cynthia We: On
Gwenevere Abriel: Sister
Cynthia We: And. She's good. She's having some health issues. Oh, and Liam moved back to Michigan.
Cynthia We: Overheard oldest, the one that was talking about coming here.
Cynthia We: Yeah, um,
Cynthia We: She convinced him to go to Michigan and she said that if she wanted to do a wellness check on him first and she wanted to find out if he was on drugs, really, I think, before he came here and
Cynthia We: At first he says, screw that. And then somehow it ended up happening.
Cynthia We: And so then she ended up getting them an apartment in a car to stay in Michigan.
Policy 24
Cynthia We: He's got some time in the same rehab. I went to Brighton.
On when he was younger.
Cynthia We: And he's had some
Cynthia We: Some, some troubles.
Cynthia We: He's just lost needs some guidance.
Gwenevere Abriel: To tough age we're figuring out who we are, you know,
Cynthia We: Yeah, it is. And I feel like he probably could have, I mean maybe he'll figure it out again. But, but he's really talented. He had a scholarship to go to a Center for Creative Studies in Detroit.
Cynthia We: He's really talented with that and music and I feel like he might be involved in things that prevent you from doing that.
Cynthia We: And I won't be rediscovers it because I think is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, to have a natural talent like that you hate to see it not be you know manifested have it reach its full potential. What
Cynthia We: What my problem. So that's good. No problem at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Speaking in full potential. How is the I want my career back and
Cynthia We: It's very good.
Time.
Cynthia We: Oh well, I am you know I've been working with Helga and I thought I just had these two chapters to do to read redo and like kind of expound on and Sally and Greg from my writing group gave me some comments Friday.
Cynthia We: And one of them was great. If Well actually the main one was great. It was just that my first chapter. It's supposed to grab you from the first
Cynthia We: Sentence you read mine doesn't or didn't it had like a few sentences several sentences of blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Cynthia We: She's like, so what if you started it right here. This is great. And so I just I just rewrote that and that felt really good to get it done because I'm kind of the last two chapters I don't I'm having trouble with because it involves a lot of reflection and
Cynthia We: You know what, like, thinking back on what this means and
Cynthia We: I have a little bit of a hard time with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you don't want to sit with the thoughts.
Cynthia We: Mm hmm. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that would make it hard to write about it. Again, think about. Yeah.
Cynthia We: It's hard to it was hard to even edit the second half of the book because all the stuff that comes up because Tikkun came into the scene.
Cynthia We: And I have this whole you know impressions. One thing to be a drug addict, but it's like a whole nother thing to be a parent that's addicted to drugs and um, it's really hard for me to
Cynthia We: To sit system in that but but I'm doing it.
Cynthia We: I'm doing it and I'm fixing my L wise you know l wise or foe PA and I use them a lot.
Cynthia We: It's lazy writing and I didn't know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Aggressively angrily. Like, we're not supposed to do those thing.
Actually
Cynthia We: Okay, paused on
Cynthia We: Right, yes just it's just
Cynthia We: There's always a better way to say it.
Cynthia We: So my goal was to have everything have my query letter out on March 15
Cynthia We: And, um,
Cynthia We: So I can get an agent. Right. Okay. And I'm might fall just a tiny bit short
Cynthia We: Of that
Cynthia We: Because I'm in the middle of writing my query letter M.
Cynthia We: And it usually need to write a few times, you know, like five or six times edits to make it perfect and pop and it's my one chance so
Cynthia We: I'm doing that and doing the lies and the last few chapters at the same time. So I think I might fall short by like a week.
Cynthia We: Which is great. I think
Cynthia We: My own deadline.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, it's not just great to set your own deadline and actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Only be off by a week.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's, that's no small feat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you described, really good. How's my career doing it's feeling really good
Okay.
Cynthia We: And I also wrote an essay, like after we did some of that work. I wrote an essay, like, just out of the blue that
Cynthia We: I really like like
Cynthia We: I have some ideas on how to make It funnier. But I'm just kind of putting that aside because that's not what I'm supposed to be focusing on right now.
Cynthia We: But it, you know, it could be that I send it to I send it out somewhere.
Cynthia We: While I'm working on getting an agent.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many milligrams, you have right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway,
Point.
Cynthia We: Two five
Cynthia We: And I'll be group on Monday.
Cynthia We: I'm really worried about the
Cynthia We: Locker.
Gwenevere Abriel: The what
Gwenevere Abriel: rotavirus. Oh, okay. Um, I assume it's that you'll get it. Our family will get it.
Cynthia We: I'll get it. Yeah, okay.
Cynthia We: I don't think anybody in my family would die from it, but I think I might
Cynthia We: Which may or may not be a realistic fear. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know either. I
Cynthia We: Am healthy but I smoke.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I thought you were making some efforts to that end, we were filming progress, how you out with that. What, how many cigarettes, which you say
Cynthia We: Hey, I'm
Cynthia We: Playing high five
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: I was saying I wasn't five before i don't think i was i think it was a 10 because I
Cynthia We: You know, now I'm actually paying attention to what I'm smoking and it's it's
Cynthia We: It might be cyber six. It depends on how much driving. I do.
Cynthia We: Um, but I'm using that that I'm put off.
Cynthia We: Like the last day and I find sometimes I forget about it completely. And then I also after I work out.
Cynthia We: I put that one off. I mean, it's some silly. So after you work out, um,
Cynthia We: But, but it feels really good. And I, if I put it off while I'm in the car driving home I can usually just forget about it and not even do it.
Cynthia We: So I feel like some of those tools are are really helping and I'm taking the Wellbutrin that she gave
Gwenevere Abriel: Me the other side effects, positive or negative from the Wellbutrin you noticing as far as mood make
Things, um,
Cynthia We: No.
Cynthia We: I know I had sexual side effects. Last time I was on it, which is why I stopped taking it, but that's not really a problem right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it doesn't present itself has an issue.
Of
Cynthia We: Saying
Gwenevere Abriel: I like to be complaining about it, but I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Not the complaints. Okay then.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Very funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I haven't heard you say is
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott's yelling at me about money.
Cynthia We: How I did, yeah. I met with little argument was the other night.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I guess that's why it's so disconnected for me because he was yelling at taking about dishes and then he was mad that I didn't jump in and and save them or jump in and help him with the argument to TN
Cynthia We: But, but what he was mad about was that money because he had looked at the bank account, and I had gotten to sprouts and I bought like
Cynthia We: I bought vitamins B vitamins and so I spent like $30 that was not accounted for, um, because we don't really will start the budget. Once we have some money, but we are still in this foggy area of just don't spend anything and I had gone get gas. And yeah, there were like three or four things.
Like
Okay.
So, well, then there was. It was there.
Gwenevere Abriel: As your confidence grows and by that I mean
Gwenevere Abriel: The way you were able to hold on to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the presence of disciplining Teagan where you're holding on to yourself in the presence of acting out behaviors from Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's feeding structurally your self confidence for the you know it or not, it's building
Cynthia We: I know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay even more exciting. If you can even be like, whoa, hey, look at me, I'm vertical. I'm not an amoeba right okay exciting. So as that continues and I keep warning, I keep saying your systems going to notice.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to notice.
Gwenevere Abriel: What may also happen is you may start to notice more and more around boundaries. I know that phrase right oh boy here we go again. You may start to find what was once tolerable because you weren't worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, is now unacceptable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just saying that might happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it does,
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe it has, I'm sure. Yeah. So, where, where might show up in order to show up.
Cynthia We: Around money and around the
Cynthia We: The, the questioning, I should, yeah.
Cynthia We: I mean, like, I don't really understand why it's okay for him to get gas and it's not okay for me to get out. What I'm the one driving to Albuquerque. My kids all around like
Cynthia We: I'm so is that boundaries, just the fact that he doesn't understand that I'm, I'm thinking, same as him. I'm thinking on the cheap. I'm not out spending. I haven't been to all top
Cynthia We: Up and also yes. Okay.
Cynthia We: I'm buying gas for the car so so like that kind of, um,
Cynthia We: The idea that I've been frivolous with gas or frivolous at the pet store is really annoying and
Cynthia We: makes me really mad.
Cynthia We: The idea that only he can grocery shop properly. Thanks, man.
Cynthia We: I'm not willing to spend four hours grocery shopping. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, he said he's going to do that shopping thing, but what
Cynthia We: Four hours. The other four hours going to two stores.
Cynthia We: Like
Cynthia We: I don't have time. But I he was taking pictures of the ingredients and he was trying to compare it was like it was a little extra some extra time, I was just
Cynthia We: Trying to decide if it was worth it to go all the way
Gwenevere Abriel: He can listen. He can
Cynthia We: Do it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He wants to budget his mental retinue he wants to budget that mental space for that. That's where he wants to direct it, you've got stories, right, you've got things good
Cynthia We: Things to do
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Cynthia We: And I get once he's at work, and he has things to focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: Channel all that compulsive detail oriented.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I heard you when you said, is this a boundary. So what I've written down so far as the word questioning
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: What you didn't say just now is
Gwenevere Abriel: Being called names.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having spit in your face. The yelling that volume that hits this right threats ultimatums about the dissolution of a marriage. You didn't say any of that. What you said was questioning
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm noting all these other things. I wonder why you didn't bring those up to me.
Cynthia We: Because I get so I'm
Cynthia We: I'm so confused. Like, is it my fault. Maybe it's like maybe I'm doing Winston, maybe I'm making him the way he didn't use stuff like this, so it must be something I'm doing just like he said it's something I'm doing take them.
Cynthia We: Out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's the old one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the default operating system. I recognize it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one that if you kip keep feeding that one that's the one that's going to wipe out
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of it a little bit. We can touch on that we can say, oh, I just heard the word
Gwenevere Abriel: Why didn't you come in and rescue me rescue me ask me, what's my belief on parenting. What's my belief, like we can go inside and self reflect, but I don't know if that's what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do when you're here. Let's say we go content will put aside, how he's delivering his complaint.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't rescue me. What's your philosophy on parenting that
Cynthia We: I don't ever feel like it's the other parents job to rescue the one parent. And that's not really how we've ever operated with the kids. We don't gang up on them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not what he said.
Cynthia We: His he was expecting me to act in a different way than we always have. We always take like if taken and I have something going on. So that doesn't jump in. It's, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But he said,
Cynthia We: He asked him to
Gwenevere Abriel: Write he said rescue me. Yeah.
Cynthia We: What he meant um
Cynthia We: I like stand next to him and argue with chicken.
Cynthia We: Not rescue. He didn't mean to rescue him. He meant to to to
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Co parent. Yeah, well,
Cynthia We: Yeah, I perceive it as ganging up on to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know you mentioned that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: I thought that they could handle themselves. I didn't need to jump in because I don't want to King Ubuntu you
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice all
Cynthia We: Said excuse
Gwenevere Abriel: I will just come from one other place before we go there, it would just be my opinion. Anyway, but I noticed also that you didn't jump in to rescue taken
Cynthia We: With that, yeah, that
Cynthia We: Via
Cynthia We: Because that was right. He was right.
Cynthia We: diggin Antiguan was being a shit.
Cynthia We: So,
Cynthia We: I have jumped into rescue team when I felt Scott was outline how and I did feel that night that Scott was out of line going in his face and making ticket backup. So he was scaring him with his size and his about volume.
Cynthia We: But I'm
Cynthia We: Taking kept asking him to stop doing that and kept taking a step back, so I should. Yeah, I probably should have been
Cynthia We: putting myself in the line of fire and i don't i'm not just what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just status. Be quiet. Let's just sit with it for a second, that's a big thing that we just talked about, let's just let it, let it sit in the air for a minute. Okay.
Cynthia We: This is our, our family pattern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All fixable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, yeah. Just sit, but we do have to sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but just for the quiet just just Trista now just, just notice it again just compassionate witness. Take that role on
Gwenevere Abriel: Just compassionate, all I noticed just like that. This is how our family is this is how I have to describe it. Oh, I don't like it. Okay, and then move to the next one. Oh, I heard her say all fixable. What do I do with that. Am I getting shame activated. What's happening to me just run
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked a hard question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around rescuing again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, he was being shipped, but he must
Cynthia We: Have felt abandoned by me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's a lot of analysis, let's just
Cynthia We: This is, I agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we'll focus on you okay he's not here, he made himself clearly put his hand up and
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember my original question, let's back up, we're getting more and more pieces of the content because I had asked you, when it comes to boundaries and you use the word questioning. I don't, I don't want this questioning. Is that a boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I said, well, I noticed you didn't bring up volume.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your face. Yeah. Line behavior which would be intimidating scary be intimidating.
Gwenevere Abriel: And earlier, even before that, I said, There may come a time as your confidence grows at what you tolerate it before you may not want to tolerate anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what will you do with that. How do you
Cynthia We: Never been able to tolerate it is always upset me
Cynthia We: And and I you know I don't know that Scott even sees himself is doing that.
Cynthia We: Like it's such a pattern such a way of
Cynthia We: Getting what he wants that.
Cynthia We: I'm not sure he's
I'm not sure he's aware
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a little bit of that. So we know we didn't address the things that you guys didn't bring up
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were together so
Gwenevere Abriel: But that was in the room the whole time that was we just it was the elephant is his anger. Your elephant was SHAME. WHICH WE BROUGHT UP I, you know, and his, his anger.
Cynthia We: I told him again that it was necessary for him to get some help. And then I have asked him before. Yeah. And he hasn't done anything about it. And, um,
Cynthia We: I would appreciate it if he would
Cynthia We: Find some help. I already given him several references so
Cynthia We: But I don't know. What does that mean I haven't followed up before I haven't demanded that he do it. I don't see myself walking out the door. If he doesn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I know. So, this is this is this weird space of notice how you said, Well, how do you follow up with someone to steal someone else's behavior is not your son. It's not your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is where it boundary comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where it's in the other room if it's intolerable. It's letting this person know I'm changing
Gwenevere Abriel: Where normally I might scream and yell and match you on that out of line, quote unquote, I'm using your terms. Okay, not mine. Mm hmm. I normally Scott, I might match you toe to toe with out of line yelling and in your face and I would defend my position, the best that I could
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't like myself when I do that. And so you're going to probably the same way, we're talking about today. Right. Probably going to see me doing some different things. I'm going to disengage. I can escalate it don't want the kids to hear it. I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: The wounding, even when I'm the one yelling the wound feels the same as when someone's yelling at me. It has been said that is so I kind of liked it when I read that. I'm like, I feel like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I don't want it. So I'm not going to do it. And so you're going to see some things you can interpret it. However, you're going to, but here's it's intense. I need to protect myself from that I'm don't want the kids to hear it. So I am going to do some kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Distance a little bit ago in the room. I'll do some breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't follow me, please. I, I insist. Do not follow me. That would feel respectful, you're going to be yelling at that volume. If you are going to be moving your body towards when using your size to make your point, I'm going to notice. And I'm going to, I'm going to walk out of the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to ask, Please don't do it to the kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you're going to see me and this is the part that I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because a boundary is a line boundary is that space that you are going to protect something
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this is why I was asking about Teagan
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to get involved. You don't want to be in the line of fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reporting might be in the line of fire, he shouldn't be up for taken yeah that's that's the one I know this is a family value and only you can navigate this
Gwenevere Abriel: But I thought I'd just bring it up, you know, because what you were saying was, you just pulled back. But then your son's little man is putting up with this so
Cynthia We: Okay. So, okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we're sitting with it. We're feeling it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I was saying as your confidence grows, you're going to be able to write, you notice how your whole body just squiggles and squirmed with that discomfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: As your confidence grows, your ability to sit with those will grow and your line might get clearer and clearer and clearer not only yours. But what you'll tolerate in the parenting style with your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which will tolerate with your husband's behavior. So that may start to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't make some an adult is something and that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What we here we can protect ourselves and we can change the rules of engagement. I'm not going to want to talk to you. I won't all walk away while you're talking like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there may come a point where I may, you know, I don't know what the Member how we've done contingencies. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've asked you to see someone about it. You, you come back and say, You aren't doing it, which really concerns me because, are you saying you don't see your son, saying, I don't like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you're, you're saying you literally don't do that. You don't see your son, putting this pop and
Cynthia We: Taking a step back, we
Cynthia We: Need to step back and you crying because you scared him. He's 13 like he doesn't cry easily
Gwenevere Abriel: So all of that is this whole piece around you and where your line is you're just starting to hold on yourself long enough to even see it. So this is a longer piece of the work that you're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's back up. Let's see what we can say today.
Gwenevere Abriel: In its simplest terms,
Gwenevere Abriel: If we were to add another goal. Maybe we'll close one out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is something you'd like to see yourself do more of what is something and I need a fraction, don't, don't rush in talking about incremental
Gwenevere Abriel: What is something you want to see yourself do more of. And it might just be a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is something you'd like to see yourself to listen.
Cynthia We: I want to be able to
Cynthia We: To trust myself and what I feel. And my boundaries and hold on my
Cynthia We: Faith them and hold on to myself I want to be that confidence. Okay.
That even make any sense.
Cynthia We: That's not very eloquently said
Gwenevere Abriel: It's eloquently said it's someone's self trust someone's
Gwenevere Abriel: attuning to their intuition is just difficult to measure it relies completely on your self report, I welcome it. But I am reliant on it which means
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be conscious means you're going to have to be conscious of it. It means, what's my what it right, you're going to catch it body first. So things we can measure we can say how frequently, am I
Gwenevere Abriel: noticing how my viscera my literal, physical body feels right now as these familiar antics are going on. Oh, I just felt it. Okay, well I'm getting better at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I not only do it once a week or maybe it's once a month, I have a baseline, I start with. Now I do it three times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so familiar with that I know exactly where it gets activated around anger when someone's passive aggressive or when I'm not speaking my mind it's in a different part of my body. I've gotten really good at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's something we can do, it's often a first place of well, how do I start, um, because that body is going to respond first to threat to perceived threat before you come up with a fancy word for even you have a good argument put together. It's going to respond unconsciously.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you can catch that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And come back and say, oh, I now have been investigating this and I have a good little theory going here. I think my chest. Does it when
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Do this. Maybe it's my fault. My chest gets tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I do the self blame and of course the predicted shame, what
Gwenevere Abriel: I caught it. I sat there and I did. I took no action. I just felt it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at it. Look at it. Look at it feeling and feeling and feeling it. Look. Is that true, is that true. Is that true, am I yelling at me. Look at me, I'm blaming myself and running through I'm bad, I'm bad and bad. Oh wait, I'm not bad await huh
Gwenevere Abriel: That's enough. That's, that's a tangible thing that we can get our hands on and say I don't just go unconscious and do the habitual thing. Now I'm in my body. I felt it. I'm investigating. I kind of gotten familiar with.
Gwenevere Abriel: The points, the pressure points where I feel it. And then the next step and then it right it, then it's hmm, I'm going to go ahead and assume that this message is true if something important at stake. What do I believe in right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because your body's responding so it's an overreaction is this is a really dangerous. OK, so the ground or it. Okay, wait. Oh, there is there's something a real big value thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: About is getting pressed on right now. Oh, it's look I see my son.
I feel for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel it squiggly out of my skin thing. I bet that's how my son feels
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh there is danger, right, there's an actual danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what to do. That's where you go inside and you go, Well, what do I believe in. What's my parenting approach what. What's my role here. What do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to know it. Right now it's just getting to know the message from the body. Eventually it'll be, can I trust it. Is it dialed up too high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do I go from there. But just get in the habit of again the body like what's, what's it up to what's the message because it happens very, very fast we can get that handled meeting really familiar with catching that quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the notion of 10 I trust my intuition, can I trust myself will come much faster, we're diving right into again right to the body because that that's that's your truth. Something's going on important now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do from there. That's a later session that's different targets that we can set
Cynthia We: Whoa, but I want to go there now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know but you said
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be able to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, then let's start with yourself.
Perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you'll be a little detective.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you'll pay attention to the body. Soon as you get the text from Scott as soon as you pick up your son and and and you ask him, have any homework and the second mean you notice it.
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as you go in right to daughter's room and, oh, it's a mess. And she hasn't heard back. So I'll tightening up not even open, you know, you're going to notice it what's going on. Where is it ok ok
Gwenevere Abriel: So I hear you. I want to be able to trust my intuition.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
I think you happen
Gwenevere Abriel: To happen. Oh, don't forget that when you decide to not
Gwenevere Abriel: Collapse and
Gwenevere Abriel: And you decide to follow through with with something that you're going to do a little behavior experiment. Maybe it's fatigue and maybe it's with someone else, and that is trusting your intuition. You're deciding to I want to go this way. I want to go that way.
Cynthia We: Is it worth it. Yes.
Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see we got here.
Cynthia We: The Monday in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Next Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: NEXT THURSDAY IS THE 19th
Yeah, okay.
Cynthia We: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be good to you and I'm curious to hear about
Cynthia We: Why we do
Gwenevere Abriel: Investigation yeah detective work and feel free to share it, you know, share it, you can share it in group, you could share it via text can send me an email, you can just put it in your journal
Gwenevere Abriel: You're also welcome to forget we ever have the conversation that certain your, your choice to
Sit down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's a good place to start.
Yes, I agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to get this last piece in and you're already doing it both. Okay. Okay. All right. I'll talk to you soon.
Thank
You